README.md, before:

# public-square

### Installation

Clone repo with SSH

```
git clone git@github.com:rayGreycloud/public-square.git

```

Or clone with http

```
git clone https://github.com/rayGreycloud/public-square.git
```

Move into repo root folder and install dependencies using npm or yarn

```
cd gfam-web
npm install
```

Move into /client folder and install dependencies using npm or yarn

```
cd client
npm install
```

Move back to root folder

```
cd ..
```

### Configuration/Set-up

#### API keys

- The app requires certain API keys to be available as environment variables.
  - BITHOMP_API_KEY
  - XUMM_API_KEY
  - XUMM_API_SECRET
- For production, the keys are set as in the Heroku dashboard.
- For local development, the keys are set in an `.env` file, which is NOT included in repo for security reasons. An example `.env` file is included showing the format/syntax.

- Setup

1. Obtain Bithomp and Xumm credentials (see below).
2. To run the app locally, replace the placeholder values in `.env.example` with your Bithomp API key, Xumm API key and Xumm API secret.
3. Rename the file, `.env` (no other file ext, e.g. .txt or .js)

4. For production, go to the Heroku dashboard for your app > Settings > Config Vars. See [Heroku docs/config vars](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/config-vars) for more information.
5. Add your Bithomp API key, Xumm API key and Xumm API secret using the uppercase variable names from `.env` file as the keys.

#### Xumm setup

1. Register your app with Xumm and obtain API key and secret - [Xumm register your app](https://xumm.readme.io/docs/register-your-app)
2.

#### Bithomp setup

1. Obtain Bithomp API key. [Sign up for developer key](https://bithomp.com/developer)
2. Add API key to `.env` file
3. Add API key as Config Vars to Heroku deployment

#### Other configuration

- `/config/app-config.js` (required)
  1. Set your app's URL as `appBaseUrl`
  2. Set the wallet address for your app as `appWalletAddress`
  3. Note: app transactions to your app wallet will have a destination tag (99 - posts, 100 - comments, 101 - likes )
- `/config/currency-submit-fees.js`
  1. Sets fee amount for submitting a post/comment/like
- `/client/src/config/coil-monetization.js` (required)
  1. if Coil monetization desired, set your Coil payment pointer in this file
  2. otherwise, set payment pointer to empty string `''`
- `/client/src/config/submit-fee-settings.js`
  1. Sets labels for submission fees
- `/client/src/config/tip-settings.js`
  1. Sets the min/max tip amounts
- `/client/src/config/blacklisted-transactions.js` (required)
  1. Set `blackListedTransactions` to empty array []
  2. see below for more info
- `/client/src/config/whitelisted-transactions.js` (required)
  1. Set `whiteListedTransactions` to empty array []
  2. see below for more info

### Transaction blacklist

- List of transactions that are filtered from app results and not displayed
- For test transactions, non-app related transactions connected to `appWalletAddress`, or transactions containing content that violates TOS or applicable laws
- To add a post, comment or other transaction to the blacklist, add its transaction hash to the `blacklistedTransactions` array in `./config/blacklisted-transactions.js`

### Transaction whitelist

- List of transactions that are explicitly included in app results
- These are legacy transactions that predate the current app and do not comply with current transaction data shape
- Set `whiteListedTransactions` to empty array []

### Start development servers

```
npm run dev
```

### Dev localhost ports:

- Server: `5000`
- Client: `3000`

The server port can be changed in `server.js` (line 28). The port number specified in `proxy` in `./client/package.json` (line 49) must match the server port.

To change the client server port from the default `3000`, set an environmental variable by adding a `env.development.local.env` file to the `client` folder with

```
PORT=1234
```

### Asset location

- logo image: `./client/src/assets/logo.png`
- favicon: `./client/public/favicon.png`

### Resources

- [Create React App docs](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs)
- [Heroku docs](https://devcenter.heroku.com/)
- [Bithomp docs](https://docs.bithomp.com/#introduction)
- [Xumm docs](https://xumm.readme.io/docs/introduction)

Commit message:

Update README with deployment details

README.md, after:

# public-square

### Installation

Clone repo with SSH

```
git clone git@github.com:rayGreycloud/public-square.git

```

Or clone with http

```
git clone https://github.com/rayGreycloud/public-square.git
```

Move into repo root folder and install dependencies using npm or yarn

```
cd gfam-web
npm install
```

Move into /client folder and install dependencies using npm or yarn

```
cd client
npm install
```

Move back to root folder

```
cd ..
```

### Configuration/Set-up

#### API keys

- The app requires certain API keys to be available as environment variables.
  - BITHOMP_API_KEY
  - XUMM_API_KEY
  - XUMM_API_SECRET
- For production, the keys are set as in the Heroku dashboard.
- For local development, the keys are set in an `.env` file, which is NOT included in repo for security reasons. An example `.env` file is included showing the format/syntax.

- Setup

1. Obtain Bithomp and Xumm credentials (see below).
2. To run the app locally, replace the placeholder values in `.env.example` with your Bithomp API key, Xumm API key and Xumm API secret.
3. Rename the file, `.env` (no other file ext, e.g. .txt or .js)

4. For production, go to the Heroku dashboard for your app > Settings > Config Vars. See [Heroku docs/config vars](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/config-vars) for more information.
5. Add your Bithomp API key, Xumm API key and Xumm API secret using the uppercase variable names from `.env` file as the keys.

#### Xumm setup

1. Register your app with Xumm and obtain API key and secret - [Xumm register your app](https://xumm.readme.io/docs/register-your-app)
2.

#### Bithomp setup

1. Obtain Bithomp API key. [Sign up for developer key](https://bithomp.com/developer)
2. Add API key to `.env` file
3. Add API key as Config Vars to Heroku deployment

#### Other configuration

- `/config/app-config.js` (required)
  1. Set your app's URL as `appBaseUrl`
  2. Set the wallet address for your app as `appWalletAddress`
  3. Note: app transactions to your app wallet will have a destination tag (99 - posts, 100 - comments, 101 - likes )
- `/config/currency-submit-fees.js`
  1. Sets fee amount for submitting a post/comment/like
- `/client/src/config/coil-monetization.js` (required)
  1. if Coil monetization desired, set your Coil payment pointer in this file
  2. otherwise, set payment pointer to empty string `''`
- `/client/src/config/submit-fee-settings.js`
  1. Sets labels for submission fees
- `/client/src/config/tip-settings.js`
  1. Sets the min/max tip amounts
- `/client/src/config/blacklisted-transactions.js` (required)
  1. Set `blackListedTransactions` to empty array []
  2. see below for more info
- `/client/src/config/whitelisted-transactions.js` (required)
  1. Set `whiteListedTransactions` to empty array []
  2. see below for more info
- `/client/src/components/FAQ/data-faq.js`
  1. contains data for FAQ items
  2. FAQ data item properties: {displayOrder, question, answer}

### Transaction blacklist

- List of transactions that are filtered from app results and not displayed
- For test transactions, non-app related transactions connected to `appWalletAddress`, or transactions containing content that violates TOS or applicable laws
- To add a post, comment or other transaction to the blacklist, add its transaction hash to the `blacklistedTransactions` array in `./config/blacklisted-transactions.js`

### Transaction whitelist

- List of transactions that are explicitly included in app results
- These are legacy transactions that predate the current app and do not comply with current transaction data shape
- Set `whiteListedTransactions` to empty array []

### Start development servers

```
npm run dev
```

### Dev localhost ports:

- Server: `5000`
- Client: `3000`

The server port can be changed in `server.js` (line 28). The port number specified in `proxy` in `./client/package.json` (line 49) must match the server port.

To change the client server port from the default `3000`, set an environmental variable by adding a `env.development.local.env` file to the `client` folder with

```
PORT=1234
```

### Deployment to Heroku

This repo is set-up for deployment to [Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/). For example, `package.json` includes Heroku-specific script `heroku-postbuild`. Details on how to deploy the app to other platforms are outside the scope of this documentation and are not included.

The following must be completed after creating your Heroku app, but BEFORE deploying it:

- Set API keys as Config Vars. Go to your app dashboard > Settings > Config Vars
  - BITHOMP_API_KEY
  - XUMM_API_KEY
  - XUMM_API_SECRET
- Set the app buildpack. Go to Settings > Buildpacks
  - Click `Add buildpack`
  - Select `nodejs` and click `Save changes`

Deployment to Heroku requires a Heroku account, Node.js, npm and the Heroku CLI installed locally.

- [Free Heroku account](https://signup.heroku.com/dc)
- [Heroku CLI](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli#download-and-install)
- [How to deploy to Heroku](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/getting-started-with-nodejs#deploy-the-app)
- [Heroku Documentation](https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/reference)

### Asset location

- logo image: `./client/src/assets/logo.png`
- favicon: `./client/public/favicon.png`
- other icon image files: `./client/public/`

### Resources

- [Create React App docs](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs)
- [Heroku docs](https://devcenter.heroku.com/)
- [Bithomp docs](https://docs.bithomp.com/#introduction)
- [Xumm docs](https://xumm.readme.io/docs/introduction)
